# Production

**Time:** 09:49 - 09:49
**Speakers:** Bryan, Andrew

## Summary

Discussion about production

## Transcript

**Bryan** (09:49): The only people who really need any information from this is the CNC guy and the person packing the trailer that the hardware's in.

**Andrew** (09:58): Are we ever building with hardware attached?

**Bryan** (10:01): Rarely.

**Bryan** (10:02): Pretty rarely.

**Andrew** (10:05): I think the production guy there is.

**Andrew** (10:09): That's part of his job to finish and add the hardware to the pack and put it in a bag and all like strapped to the thing.

**Andrew** (10:15): He needs to know what sheets are allocated to me.

**Andrew** (10:21): Yeah.

**Andrew** (10:22): So we need to produce a finalized bomb, basically.

**Andrew** (10:26): Okay, so just put that at the bottom.

**Andrew** (10:27): That's the output now from there.

**Andrew** (10:31): Yeah, just put finalized bomb.

**Andrew** (10:41): Okay.

**Andrew** (10:41): You are Levi now.

**Andrew** (10:43): You have the Levi hat on.

**Andrew** (10:45): What am I getting?

**Bryan** (10:46): Need a job card which has not been made yet.

**Andrew** (10:52): We'll come to that.

**Andrew** (10:53): Right, Shotgun?

**Andrew** (10:54): Yeah.

**Andrew** (10:59): Well, no, it's not Levi.

**Andrew** (11:02): It's the project manager.

**Andrew** (11:05): It's not Levi the worker.

**Andrew** (11:06): It's the production manager, which is you or whoever that production manager is.

**Andrew** (11:12): They don't have a job card.

**Andrew** (11:14): They're not receiving a job card.

**Andrew** (11:15): Job card is part of part.

**Andrew** (11:17): This is the office work.

**Andrew** (11:19): So a job card needs to be created.

**Andrew** (11:21): That's a product that we need.

**Andrew** (11:24): Let's put.

**Andrew** (11:24): Put job card halfway down the board.

**Andrew** (11:26): Is your pen running out?

**Bryan** (11:31): Seems like it's okay.

**Andrew** (11:37): Okay, so he's receiving what?

**Andrew** (11:40): He's receiving CNC files.

**Andrew** (11:44): Okay.

**Andrew** (11:44): Yeah.

**Andrew** (11:48): What else is he reading?

**Andrew** (11:50): Receiving a PDF of what?

**Andrew** (11:53): What plans?

**Andrew** (11:54): What?

