# Design

**Time:** 12:36 - 12:36
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about design

## Transcript

**Andrew** (12:36): It's probably IT and a PDF drawing.

**Bryan** (12:39): But that is the Rhino file.

**Andrew** (12:41): Not if you're on the floor, it's not.

**Bryan** (12:43): You have to have the Rhino file at this point.

**Andrew** (12:45): I get it.

**Andrew** (12:46): You.

**Andrew** (12:46): You need it in addition, so you can verify.

**Andrew** (12:48): But you can't use a Rhino flow file.

**Bryan** (12:50): That's a job card that you get to print out.

**Andrew** (12:55): I would say it's up there, like job card is.

**Andrew** (12:59): When you have all those things, then you make the job card and the bundle you get.

**Andrew** (13:03): But part of that bundle is the architectural drawing or whatever drawing it is, because it's not on that.

**Andrew** (13:11): The PDF isn't on the job card.

**Andrew** (13:13): It is.

**Andrew** (13:15): Write down.

**Bryan** (13:16): Yeah, these ones.

**Andrew** (13:19): Correct.

**Andrew** (13:20): But that's not the job card.

**Andrew** (13:22): That's a PDF of the drawing.

**Andrew** (13:25): That's a separate item.

**Andrew** (13:26): It's just in the bundle.

**Bryan** (13:28): This.

**Andrew** (13:28): This is.

**Andrew** (13:29): The job card is on your left.

**Bryan** (13:30): And this is a snapshot from Rhino.

**Andrew** (13:33): Correct.

**Andrew** (13:33): So we just need to make sure that we have a printed drawing.

**Bryan** (13:40): This isn't on the printed drawings.

**Bryan** (13:44): What we've sent as a printed drawing to a client doesn't have any of the.

**Andrew** (13:49): No, I'm saying, so what are the drawings?

**Andrew** (13:52): What are the visual things that needs to add it to the list?

**Andrew** (13:55): Because that is not a Rhino's file.

**Andrew** (13:57): This is the Rhino file.

**Bryan** (13:58): This is the exact problem that Sadie was wanting to solve by doing the job cards.

**Bryan** (14:03): We're not going to print a file that is 26 pages of 36 x 24s at this juncture.

**Andrew** (14:10): No.

**Andrew** (14:10): So we can make a PDF though, and then only print a relevant section.

**Bryan** (14:15): The PDF is already made.

**Bryan** (14:18): It's what went to the client.

**Andrew** (14:19): No, no.

**Bryan** (14:20): So.

