# Sourcing

**Time:** 02:55:52 - 02:55:52
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about sourcing

## Transcript

**Andrew** (02:55:52): And there could be a time when someone's purchasing something or someone's deciding if we need or don't need something and they have no reference and they're going to make that mistake and it's going to cost money, it's going to cost time and it's already happened so many times and that's from lack of having a unified resource.

**Andrew** (02:56:08): So that's something that's been done as like a secondary task but like moving forward.

**Andrew** (02:56:15): I know what I have to get done right away.

**Andrew** (02:56:17): What's the second thing I have to get done?

**Andrew** (02:56:22): I don't know.

**Andrew** (02:56:23): So I know what I have to do in terms of like get you the this next project.

**Andrew** (02:56:29): So you and I are going to sit and spec out project and get it through these two phases together.

**Andrew** (02:56:35): Okay.

**Andrew** (02:56:36): And then we're going to get the output is the job card from here.

**Andrew** (02:56:40): Okay.

**Andrew** (02:56:40): And I think that's part, that's when do that on Monday.

**Bryan** (02:56:45): I gotta train Alina.

**Bryan** (02:56:47): Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.

**Andrew** (02:56:48): When are you gonna spec out the job?

**Andrew** (02:56:50): When are you planning on doing it?

**Bryan** (02:56:57): Maybe Monday afternoon.

**Andrew** (02:56:58): Actually I'll spec it out on my own.

**Bryan** (02:57:02): I would like to do it.

**Andrew** (02:57:03): No, no, what I'm saying is that already in the folder somewhere?

**Andrew** (02:57:09): Probably not.

**Andrew** (02:57:10): Just send it to me.

**Bryan** (02:57:11): So that's the whole thing too.

**Bryan** (02:57:12): Like make the folder.

**Andrew** (02:57:15): No, I'm.

