# Production

**Time:** 03:13:38 - 03:13:38
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about production

## Transcript

**Andrew** (03:13:38): Because the thing is, like, right now I'm using AI to like, build a custom one every single time.

**Bryan** (03:13:44): Which also sucks because they're always different.

**Andrew** (03:13:47): No, like the information different.

**Andrew** (03:13:48): The formats look the same.

**Andrew** (03:13:50): Now all the.

**Andrew** (03:13:50): Yeah, we got to that point.

**Andrew** (03:13:51): Yeah, yeah.

**Andrew** (03:13:52): All the invoices look the same.

**Andrew** (03:13:53): All the pros look the same.

**Andrew** (03:13:54): But like, for example, if there are five items versus four items, it can resize the page for me and do all the, like that stuff.

**Andrew** (03:14:02): Whereas, like, if we had a fixed format and it's this box, then it's gonna go to the Second page.

**Andrew** (03:14:07): Yeah, I know you don't care about that, but, like, those are just things.

**Andrew** (03:14:10): Like there are things that you don't care about that are still important even though you don't care about them.

**Andrew** (03:14:16): And I'm not saying that this is one of them.

**Andrew** (03:14:18): Just making that notion like there are other people from, for example, from a marketing point of view, it's going to affect a customer's opinion of us.

**Andrew** (03:14:28): If the invoice is broken in some way or it's not cleanly laid out, or every little inclination that we feel that it just lowers the price value, you know, mentally, you're like, oh, they sent me an invoice and it's got a weird cutoff on the bottom.

