# Workflow

**Time:** 03:17:39 - 03:17:39
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about workflow

## Transcript

**Andrew** (03:17:39): And it's like continually working on refining a process.

**Andrew** (03:17:44): Like, I can tell you from the time that we started to now, it is night and day.

**Bryan** (03:17:51): It feels it.

**Bryan** (03:17:51): It feels like things are getting better, but it also feels.

**Andrew** (03:17:57): Just revealed more things.

**Andrew** (03:18:00): Well.

**Bryan** (03:18:03): The tide I feel like I'm going to constantly fight against is I don't need it to be as defined and as complicated as a professional business in this world.

**Andrew** (03:18:13): I know that.

**Andrew** (03:18:15): And the thing is, where we differ is you think that I don't know that from what I'm saying to you, but I'm also saying it from an outside point of view of like, you have a lot of inbuilt function and knowledge that everyone else doesn't.

**Andrew** (03:18:28): And I'm telling you that from an outsider's point of view that, yeah, like, and that's okay.

**Andrew** (03:18:34): Yeah.

**Andrew** (03:18:35): And it's okay that we disagree and agree on things too.

**Bryan** (03:18:38): It's okay if I leave and this all ends.

**Andrew** (03:18:42): But at the same time, we also have all these guys.

**Bryan** (03:18:48): Yeah, but I mean, that's where Jehovah comes in.

**Andrew** (03:18:50): No, I know, but like, doesn't mean that we don't put our best foot forward to do the right thing.

**Andrew** (03:18:55): Agreed.

**Andrew** (03:18:56): Yeah.

**Bryan** (03:18:56): And my best foot forward is now getting hamstrung long term if I make it too complicated.

**Andrew** (03:19:03): Right.

**Andrew** (03:19:04): But also trust, like, I'm not trying to make it complicated.

**Andrew** (03:19:07): I'm really trying to get the bare minimum without making sure I haven't set a specific path that isn't going anywhere.

**Andrew** (03:19:14): Like, it's a.

**Andrew** (03:19:16): It's a.

**Andrew** (03:19:17): Like, if we talk about it realistically, the first thing is you didn't even have the organization mindset when I got here.

**Andrew** (03:19:27): Like, it, like it was something like, if we look at trot is like four versions before you right now.

**Andrew** (03:19:33): Yeah, but like, that's what I'm saying to you like now that you understand that there's all these things that need to be organized, you wouldn't.

