# Cabinet

**Time:** 18:03 - 18:03
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about cabinet

## Transcript

**Andrew** (18:03): So my logic applies here now because at the early design stages, we've allocated room location, cabinet, run cabinet, and we built all of that out.

**Andrew** (18:15): We can.

**Andrew** (18:16): Now.

**Andrew** (18:17): Now, when you create tasks, do you create tasks based on what level?

**Andrew** (18:23): And I'll rephrase that.

**Andrew** (18:25): Skill level.

**Andrew** (18:25): No.

**Andrew** (18:26): On what level do we assign to a project manager on the floor, say Levi, a cabinet run.

**Andrew** (18:36): Do you care or do you assign a cabinet?

**Bryan** (18:39): Right now I'm assigning cabinets.

**Andrew** (18:41): Okay, so.

**Andrew** (18:42): So how do you want to handle that?

**Andrew** (18:44): So it's.

**Andrew** (18:45): The best way to do it is go, here's the cabinet run, and here is the series of cabinets that you're doing.

**Andrew** (18:51): Here is the payment for it.

**Andrew** (18:53): And then how does Levi assign out cabinets?

**Andrew** (18:58): Or he has to handle the whole thing.

**Andrew** (19:02): How does he hand out sub cabinet tasks?

**Bryan** (19:06): I think those task cards, those other tasks could be there.

**Bryan** (19:09): For example, build a cabinet, build the crown.

**Bryan** (19:11): He could farm out the crown.

**Andrew** (19:12): Okay.

**Bryan** (19:14): And that's his responsibility.

**Andrew** (19:16): So in tasks.

**Andrew** (19:18): Cool.

**Andrew** (19:19): In task, you just put high.

**Andrew** (19:20): Just put hierarchy for me, just task.

**Andrew** (19:22): Under main task, put hierarchy.

**Andrew** (19:25): And I'll explain that to you in a second.

**Andrew** (19:29): Yep.

**Andrew** (19:29): Okay, so now we've got tasks.

**Andrew** (19:32): We've got hierarchy, we've got.

**Andrew** (19:33): Got that.

**Andrew** (19:37): The other part of getting the job out.

**Andrew** (19:39): Okay, now it's all built.

**Andrew** (19:41): Let's say I finished a cabinet, I have to update my task list.

**Andrew** (19:47): When I update my task list, it updates my project status.

**Andrew** (19:51): Right.

**Andrew** (19:52): So just like update tasks.

**Andrew** (19:59): And update project.

**Andrew** (20:05): Now here's a doozy.

