# Production

**Time:** 23:11 - 23:11
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about production

## Transcript

**Andrew** (23:11): I would say that it's this person's job too, to get the resources ready for pre production.

**Andrew** (23:21): So, like, if they know that today we're starting a new job, they've already done the count and confirmed it for Levi before Levi has to do it, because they should have done that before knowing that it's coming.

**Andrew** (23:32): And so we don't have a block in the pipe.

**Andrew** (23:36): So.

**Andrew** (23:37): Yeah, so that's their job already too.

**Andrew** (23:40): So basically that job is.

**Andrew** (23:41): Is loading for each of the stages and loading out.

**Andrew** (23:46): So Levi shouldn't have to Go pick his sheets.

**Andrew** (23:48): Or he should already have a preset marker of hey, this is your bet.

**Andrew** (23:53): This is the sheets for you.

**Andrew** (23:54): And put a piece of paper in there.

**Andrew** (23:56): Those top three are yours or it's already moved to a zone.

**Bryan** (24:00): Maybe that because it won't work for pre finished and they don't pick sheets.

**Bryan** (24:05): It gets cut in the cnc.

**Andrew** (24:06): Correct.

**Andrew** (24:07): So which means that they should be prepping for the CNC person too.

**Andrew** (24:11): The CNC person just has to read the label and go.

**Andrew** (24:14): This is the file name.

**Andrew** (24:16): These are the three sheets for it.

**Andrew** (24:17): Yeah.

**Bryan** (24:19): So the sorting.

**Bryan** (24:21): The real world problem we have right now is lots of parts coming out from doing.

**Andrew** (24:24): We missed CNC cut list.

**Bryan** (24:26): It's right here.

**Andrew** (24:27): That's just the files to put.

**Andrew** (24:29): Cut list there too.

**Andrew** (24:30): It's the same thing.

**Andrew** (24:32): It's not because the cut list has details about the job.

**Andrew** (24:36): How many pieces they should have at the end.

**Andrew** (24:38): How many?

**Andrew** (24:39): Like the same thing.

**Bryan** (24:40): It's like the job summary of the NC files with it has a picture of the sheet and everything.

**Andrew** (24:44): Oh, labeling.

**Andrew** (24:45): Okay, cool.

**Andrew** (24:48): So finishing.

