# Design

**Time:** 30:11 - 30:11
**Speakers:** Bryan, Andrew

## Summary

Discussion about design

## Transcript

**Bryan** (30:11): I'm going to get inspiration, picks, drawings, dimensions, whatever at that juncture or I'm going to go to the field and get them.

**Andrew** (30:17): Okay.

**Andrew** (30:17): So use the green and the red.

**Andrew** (30:20): What we have a storage place for and what we don't have.

**Bryan** (30:25): Use the green and the red.

**Andrew** (30:26): Yeah.

**Andrew** (30:27): So green for.

**Andrew** (30:27): We have it red.

**Bryan** (30:29): We don't green for.

**Bryan** (30:30): We have it.

**Andrew** (30:31): So where we put Inspo pics right now.

**Andrew** (30:34): We have it where?

**Andrew** (30:36): In the folder.

**Andrew** (30:38): Great.

**Andrew** (30:39): Just use pics, it's fine.

**Andrew** (30:41): Where do we track money right now?

**Bryan** (30:45): I guess bank statements.

**Andrew** (30:47): We don't have a.

**Andrew** (30:48): That's a.

**Andrew** (30:48): No, we have no money.

**Andrew** (30:51): Confirming.

**Andrew** (30:51): Moving along the pipe.

**Bryan** (30:53): I get proposals made by you.

**Andrew** (30:55): I don't save them.

**Andrew** (30:57): Okay.

**Andrew** (30:57): They should be put in the folder structure.

**Bryan** (31:00): Right now they're text discovery and then I just send it to the client.

**Andrew** (31:04): Yeah.

**Andrew** (31:04): So when I text them to you should be putting them in the project folder.

**Bryan** (31:08): I feel like you have access to the folder.

**Bryan** (31:09): You could put them there.

**Andrew** (31:12): Yeah.

**Andrew** (31:13): Not my job, though.

**Bryan** (31:15): Initial and file out.

**Andrew** (31:17): Okay, so they need to go in the folders.

**Andrew** (31:18): Is there proposals and invoicing in the folder structure right now?

**Andrew** (31:22): There is.

**Andrew** (31:23): I'm pretty sure there is.

**Bryan** (31:24): There is, but it's under sales.

**Bryan** (31:26): So it's going to come to the question.

**Bryan** (31:28): That's public access right now.

**Andrew** (31:31): So you need a separate, non public access.

**Andrew** (31:36): Yeah.

**Andrew** (31:36): Cool.

**Andrew** (31:37): So just.

**Andrew** (31:37): I would put that as a.

**Andrew** (31:39): Just use the red and just write public for that.

**Andrew** (31:48): Okay.

**Andrew** (31:49): Job summary inspects.

**Andrew** (31:51): We're not outputting that right now, so we need to do that.

**Andrew** (31:55): Let's just put a question mark.

**Andrew** (31:56): Yeah, just do that.

**Andrew** (31:57): Yeah, Great.

**Andrew** (31:58): Cool.

**Andrew** (32:00): So without that, we're already handicapping design.

**Andrew** (32:06): Okay.

**Andrew** (32:06): So we didn't talk about the other one now where we're coming in with architectural things, which means that job is not handicapped because that has everything.

**Andrew** (32:16): So.

**Andrew** (32:17): Okay, so up there, what's at the top there?

**Andrew** (32:20): Field dimensions.

**Andrew** (32:21): Okay.

