# Inventory

**Time:** 35:34 - 35:34
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about inventory

## Transcript

**Andrew** (35:34): Aiden's job is detailer and warehouse management.

**Andrew** (35:42): Yeah, that's Hayden.

**Andrew** (35:44): So he moves things from zone to zone, and he checks that all of that's fine.

**Andrew** (35:51): The inventory management, and he reports back to Sadie on inventory needed requirements.

**Andrew** (36:07): You don't have a project manager.

**Andrew** (36:09): I would say Sadie, but if she's only doing two or four hours, it's not enough.

**Bryan** (36:12): It's too much for her.

**Andrew** (36:13): It's not.

**Andrew** (36:14): So you need someone to know where projects are at and all the bottlenecks and moving them along.

**Andrew** (36:20): Who's doing that?

**Andrew** (36:22): Okay, so that's you.

**Andrew** (36:26): So as the warehouse and detailer, he would make sure that, like.

**Andrew** (36:32): So he's also setting up people for jobs.

**Bryan** (36:36): He's gonna, like, give them the cards.

**Andrew** (36:38): Not yet.

**Andrew** (36:38): He's gonna give them the cards.

**Andrew** (36:40): But he's.

**Andrew** (36:41): No, you have to give them the cards because you have to talk about project.

**Andrew** (36:43): But he.

**Andrew** (36:44): He's one of those people who Will prep them for their project.

**Andrew** (36:48): Like he'll go and get.

**Andrew** (36:49): He'll make sure there's enough.

**Andrew** (36:51): He'll make sure that the sheets have been allocated and the labels on the sheet and he knows exactly where it is.

**Andrew** (36:56): He's going to be the point of call where someone's going to go like, hey, do you know where the sheets are for this new project I'm starting?

**Andrew** (37:01): Yeah, they're in bayou blue blah.

