# Inventory

**Time:** 39:22 - 39:22
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about inventory

## Transcript

**Andrew** (39:22): Aiden's going to warehouse manage that.

**Bryan** (39:28): If it's hardware, he'll have his job base and he'll have something each piece of hardware that comes.

**Bryan** (39:33): And now it's a tagged PO for job.

**Bryan** (39:36): And if it's sheet goods, the same thing apart from bulk.

**Andrew** (39:42): Okay.

**Andrew** (39:42): So I feel like we need some sort of like even a piece of plastic or acrylic that just is like rideable or whatever that we can just slide under a stack of sheets so that you know, like these top four.

**Bryan** (39:55): So you just know they'll be vertical.

**Andrew** (39:57): Okay, cool.

**Bryan** (39:58): In the racks.

**Andrew** (39:58): But it just needs to be something that we can keep with it.

**Andrew** (40:00): So it's of kind clear that it's a bundle.

**Andrew** (40:04): Just so it needs to be quick and visual.

**Andrew** (40:07): G', day, Shane.

**Bryan** (40:08): You know, and my backup is which I would prefer because things move around.

**Bryan** (40:12): Is a sticker on the left written on.

**Andrew** (40:14): Yeah, I.

**Andrew** (40:15): That I just want to make sure.

**Bryan** (40:17): I'm getting this right.

**Andrew** (40:17): Yep.

**Bryan** (40:18): I don't see three, four on here.

**Bryan** (40:21): No, it's not the.

**Bryan** (40:22): The last one that I uploaded at the end of the day.

**Bryan** (40:24): It's.

**Bryan** (40:24): It's on the machine.

**Andrew** (40:25): What it top and bottom.

**Andrew** (40:27): Oh, it is on.

**Andrew** (40:28): Yeah.

**Bryan** (40:28): It's under gardener folder.

**Bryan** (40:29): But I never put on this.

**Andrew** (40:30): Okay, cool.

**Bryan** (40:32): Do you need the picture?

**Andrew** (40:34): So it is double sided.

**Andrew** (40:35): How is it mating up to the three?

**Bryan** (40:37): How is it mating up to the other one inch?

**Andrew** (40:39): Because they're together.

**Andrew** (40:40): Right.

**Bryan** (40:41): It's double sided because of a different piece on there.

**Bryan** (40:43): There's multiple pieces on the three quarter.

