# Cabinet

**Time:** 50:02 - 50:02
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about cabinet

## Transcript

**Andrew** (50:02): Here is a cabinet run.

**Andrew** (50:03): And here is a cabinet specification.

**Andrew** (50:06): So you can look at each of these boxes in whichever way that you want and you can see what we have.

**Andrew** (50:11): I have K1 is the room kitchen one type floor.

**Andrew** (50:16): Now here's where I'm going to like ask things.

**Andrew** (50:30): What do we need to know about a room that I'm missing?

**Bryan** (50:38): We need to know everything we're going to manufacture.

**Andrew** (50:42): Okay, but tell me more about the room level only.

**Andrew** (50:45): Not.

**Andrew** (50:46): Not.

**Andrew** (50:46): There's outlets on that wall.

**Andrew** (50:48): I'm talking.

**Andrew** (50:48): Is there a global room information that you generally need to know?

**Bryan** (50:55): Cathedral ceiling.

**Bryan** (50:57): Floor to ceiling.

**Andrew** (51:04): Floor to ceiling.

**Bryan** (51:05): What are the.

**Bryan** (51:06): Is the cabinets floor to ceiling if there's a cathedral ceiling or a gable.

**Andrew** (51:11): Is floor to ceiling if the cabinet's floor to ceiling.

**Andrew** (51:15): To do more with a room location like that wall, maybe.

**Andrew** (51:19): Yeah.

**Andrew** (51:19): So that's not at the room level.

**Andrew** (51:21): What else is there to know except for the room name?

**Bryan** (51:24): Oh, obviously like the name, what floor it's on.

**Andrew** (51:28): I've got that what PDF page numbers.

**Bryan** (51:32): I think that's enough.

**Bryan** (51:33): I think this is an example of.

**Bryan** (51:35): You've done a lot of work that's Good, let's test it.

**Bryan** (51:37): Test it.

**Andrew** (51:37): And that's what I'm saying to you.

**Andrew** (51:38): Like that's why I'm asking you right now.

**Andrew** (51:40): I'm testing it and going like.

**Andrew** (51:41): Because that's all I have.

**Andrew** (51:42): I just have room to like what's in.

**Bryan** (51:44): Looks like another job.

**Andrew** (51:46): And just try to think as global as possible because we're gonna, we're gonna come down in granularly.

**Bryan** (51:53): This is approved.

**Bryan** (51:56): 25 Sankey.

**Bryan** (51:57): This is a big nasty one and it's a weird one.

**Bryan** (52:01): So here is the kitchen.

**Andrew** (52:03): Sankiriya approved.

**Bryan** (52:05): Okay, so it's kitchen 104.

**Andrew** (52:08): Okay.

**Andrew** (52:08): What do we need to know about that kitchen?

**Andrew** (52:10): Are there any customer related things or things that we need to know?

**Andrew** (52:13): We need access.

**Andrew** (52:17): Access, what else?

**Andrew** (52:37): So for me it's like things like access dimensions.

**Andrew** (52:39): Because if you can't get into the room, like what do I need to know?

**Andrew** (52:43): Like from the room level.

**Andrew** (52:45): I don't care how tall it is.

**Andrew** (52:46): If I had no way of pushing, like you have to build your cabinets to this spec because we have to get it through the door.

**Andrew** (52:52): What else at the room level?

**Bryan** (52:59): Maybe wall type?

**Andrew** (53:02): Wall type would be room location.

**Bryan** (53:05): If it's wallpaper or if it's plaster.

**Andrew** (53:07): Yeah, that'll be at room location.

**Bryan** (53:10): Let's probably hit that.

**Andrew** (53:10): Okay, cool.

**Andrew** (53:11): All right, let's move to the next level.

**Andrew** (53:13): So the only thing I'm missing from that is access.

**Andrew** (53:15): Okay, room location.

**Andrew** (53:20): What type of location it is?

**Andrew** (53:21): Is it a wall?

**Andrew** (53:22): Is it an island?

**Bryan** (53:23): It is.

**Andrew** (53:23): Is it a peninsula?

**Andrew** (53:25): Like what area of the room and is it going to occupy?

**Andrew** (53:30): So that includes things like things I need to know about room locations.

