# Cabinet

**Time:** 53:49 - 53:49
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about cabinet

## Transcript

**Andrew** (53:49): We're building a cabinet there.

**Andrew** (53:50): What do you need to know?

**Andrew** (53:52): So floor to.

**Andrew** (53:55): No, that's in the cabinet.

**Andrew** (53:56): That's in the next.

**Bryan** (53:57): Electrical.

**Bryan** (53:57): Plumbing.

**Andrew** (53:58): Electrical.

**Andrew** (53:59): And what kind of notes would be.

**Andrew** (54:01): Would you just want generic open notes where you just type whatever?

**Bryan** (54:04): Yeah, probably same plumbing is you want a center line?

**Andrew** (54:08): What's the center line?

**Andrew** (54:09): Tell me about that.

**Bryan** (54:10): The center line to a drain.

**Andrew** (54:14): What's the actual field and what's the information that goes in there?

**Bryan** (54:18): It is a inches field.

**Andrew** (54:21): Yeah.

**Bryan** (54:22): A length field.

**Andrew** (54:23): Yeah.

**Andrew** (54:24): Is it, is it a XY position or is it just a.

**Bryan** (54:28): It is a X. I guess it would be xy.

**Bryan** (54:31): Yeah.

**Bryan** (54:31): XY would be good.

**Bryan** (54:33): Okay, then X would Orient it off.

**Andrew** (54:35): A particular wall and electrical outlet.

**Andrew** (54:37): X, Y as well, I would put.

**Bryan** (54:39): As an option, but.

**Andrew** (54:40): Yeah, but they're both options.

**Andrew** (54:41): They're both going to be options.

**Andrew** (54:42): Okay.

**Andrew** (54:42): Yeah.

**Andrew** (54:43): Because sometimes you won't have a thing there.

**Andrew** (54:46): Okay.

**Bryan** (54:46): Same thing with a window.

**Bryan** (54:47): Window and a door and casing.

**Bryan** (54:51): And actually with both of those, it's window casing and door casing.

**Bryan** (54:54): We don't care about the actual window.

**Bryan** (54:56): I don't care what it is.

**Andrew** (54:56): Casing and door casing.

**Andrew** (54:59): And what is the measurement for that?

**Bryan** (55:01): It's gonna be like overall and then some sort of xy.

**Andrew** (55:06): Okay, so dimensions and position.

**Andrew** (55:10): Okay.

**Andrew** (55:11): And they're inches.

**Bryan** (55:13): Inches, not feet.

**Bryan** (55:15): Inches.

**Andrew** (55:17): Okay.

**Andrew** (55:17): Inches from where?

**Andrew** (55:19): Right.

**Bryan** (55:20): It probably should be a text field.

**Andrew** (55:24): Because are we setting an origin?

**Andrew** (55:27): We like just internally.

**Andrew** (55:29): What's our origin?

**Andrew** (55:30): Bottom left?

**Bryan** (55:32): No, we should not do that.

**Bryan** (55:33): Because if you look at a wall and you're coming off the right side or left side, it's going to be completely different.

**Andrew** (55:37): Okay, so why don't I just set a field as origin left or right?

**Bryan** (55:43): Yeah.

**Andrew** (55:43): Okay.

**Andrew** (55:45): Is it bottom left, bottom right?

**Bryan** (55:47): Probably.

**Andrew** (55:48): Do you never origin up there?

**Bryan** (55:50): Probably not.

**Andrew** (55:51): Okay, I'm just gonna give you the quadrant.

**Andrew** (55:54): Yeah.

**Andrew** (55:55): Okay.

**Andrew** (55:58): Okay.

**Andrew** (55:59): So after room location, we have cabinet run.

**Andrew** (56:03): Now, what we consider a cabinet run is multiple cabinets in a position on that wall.

**Andrew** (56:10): So looking at our plan here, This is a room location.

**Andrew** (56:43): Inside the room location is a cabinet front, SW base, sink, wall base, cabinets inside SW base is Bo1, Bo2, Bo3, and then 4.

**Andrew** (57:05): Yeah, yeah.

**Andrew** (57:06): However you want to.

**Andrew** (57:08): Right.

**Andrew** (57:08): Whatever you want to do.

**Andrew** (57:09): And then so like, let's go and talk about that, because this is how I would do it.

**Andrew** (57:16): Right.

**Andrew** (57:16): So the next one is cabinet runs.

**Andrew** (57:19): So how.

**Andrew** (57:20): What information is cabinet run level?

**Andrew** (57:24): That will come down.

**Andrew** (57:26): So.

