# Cabinet

**Time:** 57:39 - 57:39
**Speakers:** Andrew, Bryan

## Summary

Discussion about cabinet

## Transcript

**Andrew** (57:39): What I mean is if you go to a room location and you say, these are all Level 1 cabinets, the pricing will move down.

**Andrew** (57:48): So, like, everything in there is going to be this material.

**Andrew** (57:51): It's going to be this thing, this hardware, this thing.

**Andrew** (57:55): So do you.

**Andrew** (57:56): You are able to determine what the products are at a global level.

**Andrew** (58:02): You can determine the type.

**Andrew** (58:03): And then when you get down to the cabinet, you're like, I need three door hinges.

**Andrew** (58:07): We know that the three door hinges are this type.

**Andrew** (58:11): Now do you want to Determine that at the.

**Andrew** (58:15): But with overrides in the specific levels.

**Andrew** (58:18): So let's say that you determine all of this to be this particular Blum hardware.

**Andrew** (58:21): But when you get down to that special one in the corner and you change the hardware, it only changes at that level.

**Andrew** (58:27): So it has hierarchical.

**Andrew** (58:31): Does that kind of make sense?

**Andrew** (58:32): So you can go in.

**Andrew** (58:34): Because I'm just trying to think of you.

**Andrew** (58:35): Let's say that they've decided they want to change all the hardware for this base cabinet run.

**Andrew** (58:42): Then you should just be able to go to the cabinet run and change it.

**Andrew** (58:45): And it changes for all the cabinets.

**Andrew** (58:48): Does that kind of make sense?

**Andrew** (58:49): Or like, oh, we're changing the color of just this one cabinet in the corner.

**Andrew** (58:54): They want to paint a different color.

**Andrew** (58:55): Then you go down to the cabinet and you can change that.

